Create documentation (#32)
meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch: PREINSTALL.md

Use this extension to synchronize documents from a Cloud Firestore collection to a Meilisearch index. This allows you to use a full text search in your Cloud Firestore documents.

This extension listens to each creation, update or deletion of your documents to keep them sync with your Meilisearch index, so the data in Meilisearch is a mirror of your content in Cloud Firestore. You can then run queries on this mirrored dataset.

> Note that this extension only listens for changes to _documents_ in a specific collection, but not changes in any _subcollection_. However, you can install additional instances of this extension to listen to other collections in your Firestore database.

Reviewer: > but not changes in any _subcollection_ 

Not sure I understand.

Author: You had the possibility to create [subcollections in Firestore](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/data-model#subcollections). For example, you create a collections `movies` you can create fields for each document (movie) but you can also create a `Collection` inside the `document`, It is to facilitate the nesting of collection and reference.
So if you create a subcollection inside a document in Firestore it will not be exported to `Meilisearch` instead you can install a second extension for this specific `subcollection`.

> Note that this extension only listens for changes to _documents_ in a specific collection, but not changes in any _subcollection_. However, you can install additional instances of this extension to listen to other collections in your Firestore database.

Reviewer 2: Does this mean that if a user has a subcollection, they'll need another extension to export this subcollection to Meilisearch?

Author: Yes, you have to create as many collections as you want to mirror index.

#### Additional setup

Before installing this extension, you'll need to:

- [Set up Cloud Firestore in your Firebase project.](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/quickstart)
- Run Meilisearch instance. There are many easy ways [to download and run a Meilisearch instance.](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/installation.html#download-and-launch)

#### Data import format

> Documents indexed in Meilisearch need to have a [unique id](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/documents.html#primary-field), to do so this extension will use the default field provided for this purpose in Firestore: `Document ID` which will be renamed `_firestore_id` used as [document id](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/documents.html#document-id). If your documents have an `id` field it will be added to your documents without it being your primary key.

Reviewer: > to do so this extension will use the default field provided for this purpose in Firestore: `Document ID` which will be renamed `_firestore_id` used as [document id]

Not sure I understand this sentence

Author: I rewrite it not sure it better let me know

**Important:**  If your document have a field `_firestore_id` it will be ignored.

> [GeoSearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/geosearch.html#geosearch) has a specific format in Meilisearch, if a `GeoPoint` from Firestore with the name `_geo` is found the field `latitude` would renamed to `lat` and the field `longitude` to `lng`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GeoSearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/geosearch.html#geosearch) has a specific format in Meilisearch, if a `GeoPoint` from Firestore with the name `_geo` is found the field `latitude` is renamed to `lat` and the field `longitude` to `lng`.
```

> [Geosearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/geosearch.html#geosearch) has a specific format in Meilisearch. If a `GeoPoint` from Firestore with the name `_geo` is found, the field `latitude` is renamed to `lat` and `longitude` to `lng`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Geosearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/geosearch.html#geosearch) has a specific format in Meilisearch, your documents must have a valid `_geo` field with an object composed of `lat` and `lng`. If a `GeoPoint` from Firestore with the name `_geo` is found, the field `latitude` is renamed to `lat` and `longitude` to `lng`.
```

> [GeoSearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/geosearch.html#geosearch) has a specific format in Meilisearch, if a `GeoPoint` from Firestore with the name `_geo` is found the field `latitude` is renamed to `lat` and the field `longitude` to `lng`.

Author: There is a specific object in `Firestore` for geo search but the two preconfigured fields in this object called `GeoPoint` are `latitude` and `longitude`. If a user wants to use geo search in Meilisearch via his objects in his Firestore he has to name his object with the prefix `_geo`.
That's whats I want to mean but not sure is clear ...

> [GeoSearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/geosearch.html#geosearch) has a specific format in Meilisearch, if a `GeoPoint` from Firestore with the name `_geo` is found the field `latitude` is renamed to `lat` and the field `longitude` to `lng`.

Reviewer 2: So the Firestore version of:
```
  "_geo": {
    "lat": 0.0,
    "lng": 0.0
  }
```
is:
```
  "GeoPoint": {
    "latitude": 0.0,
    "longitude": 0.0
  }
```

If the user wants to use geosearch in Meilisearch via their objects in Firestore, they need to name this name `GeoPoint` object `_geoGeoPoint`?

> [GeoSearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/geosearch.html#geosearch) has a specific format in Meilisearch, if a `GeoPoint` from Firestore with the name `_geo` is found the field `latitude` is renamed to `lat` and the field `longitude` to `lng`.

Author: Almost the Firestore version is more like:
```
  "_geo": GeoPoint: {
    "latitude": 0.0,
    "longitude": 0.0
  }
```
And you had to name it "_geo" if you want it to be adapted to `Meilisearch` otherwise it will be ignored.

> If a `GeoPoint` is found without the name `_geo` it would added like an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `GeoPoint` is found without the name `_geo` it is added like an array.
```

#### Backfill your Meilisearch

> This extension will only export your documents if they have been modified or created after its installation -- it does not export your complete dataset of existing documents into Meilisearch. So, to backfill your Meilisearch dataset with all the documents present in your Firestore collection, you can run the [import script](https://github.com/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch/) provided by this extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This extension does not export all existing documents into Meilisearch unless they have been modified or created after its installation. You can run the [import script](https://github.com/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch/) provided by this extension to backfill your Meilisearch dataset with all the documents present in your Firestore collection
```

#### Billing

> To install an extension, your project must be on the [Blaze (pay as you go) plan](https://firebase.google.com/pricing)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install an extension, your project must be on the [Blaze (pay as you go) plan.](https://firebase.google.com/pricing)
```

> * You will be charged a small amount (typically around $0.01/month) for the Firebase resources required by this extension (even if it is not used).

Reviewer: 😮

> * You will be charged a small amount (typically around $0.01/month) for the Firebase resources required by this extension (even if it is not used).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You will be charged a small amount (typically around $0.01/month) for the Firebase resources required by this extension, even if it is not used.
```

* This extension uses other Firebase or Google Cloud services which may have
  associated charges if you exceed the service’s free tier:
  *   Cloud Firestore
  *   Cloud Functions (Node.js 10+ runtime. [See FAQs](https://firebase.google.com/support/faq#extensions-pricing))

> When you use Firebase Extensions, you're only charged for the underlying

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you use Firebase extensions, you're only charged for the underlying
```

resources that you use. A paid-tier billing plan is only required if the

> extension uses a service that requires a paid-tier plan, for example calling to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
extension uses a service that requires a paid-tier plan, for example calling
```
